Welcome to our artifact database website. 

The contributers and developers of this database are Tan Arin, Rimsha Rashid, and Emilio Sillart. Together we constitute the group "LQS". We started this project with a vision for a working ancient artifact database that contains many important informational aspects of its artifacts, along with location of discovery provided in a fun UI component of our website. 

The artifacts included in this database range from from many unique areas around the globe. Among the many wonderful artifacts are influential Kokeshi Dolls of Japan, which have inspired the modern-day "Mii" avatars created by Japanese gaming company Nintendo; The Rosetta Stone, an ancient piece of language with hieroglyphics to be deciphered, and many more. 

While many of these artifacts are "ancient", meaning from pre-A.D. time periods in our database, some are more contemporary. An emphasis on "well-known" artifacts is an aspect of this database, as well as artifacts that are believed to contain supernatural abilities.  In order to highlight these aspects, included in our database website are drop-down search boxes to filter the artifacts based on their supernatural aspects, as sell as many other artifact attributes that we have provided for the users of this database website. 

Please enjoy this database to its upmost potential, as the functions we allowed for the user include addition, deletion, and search of our database. Be aware that regarding the Google Map location component of our artifact search, the area shown is an approximate location of where the artifact was discovered, and is not a precise location nor an indicator of where it is currently being held. 

This website is connected to a database in a Wamp Server through PHP and its helpful PDO method, which is an interface to access different databases. 

For any questions, comments, or concerns, please e-mail one or all of the developers at their respective student e-mails. 

Tan Arin: 		ta16b@my.fsu.edu

Rimsha Rashid:  	rar13h@my.fsu.edu

Emilio Sillart: 	es15b@my.fsu.edu
